
Examples
########

Paragraphs
**********

A paragraph with links, bold text and italic text. As well as the same paragraph with indentation.

x\ :sub:`x`\ x2 − 4x + 7

\ *In mathematics*\ , a \ **polynomial**\  is an  `expression`_  consisting of  `variables`_  (or  `indeterminates`_ ) and  `coefficients`_ , that involves only the operations of  `addition`_ ,  `subtraction`_ ,  `multiplication`_ , and non\-negative  `integer`_   `exponents`_ . An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x\ :sub:`In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x`\ In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x2 − 4x + 7. An example in three variables is x\ :sub:`In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x2 − 4x + 7. An example in three variables is x`\ In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x2 − 4x + 7. An example in three variables is x3 + 2xyz\ :sub:`In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x2 − 4x + 7. An example in three variables is x3 + 2xyz`\ In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x2 − 4x + 7. An example in three variables is x3 + 2xyz2 − yz + 1.

      In  `mathematics`_ , a polynomial is an  `expression`_  consisting of  `variables`_  (or  `indeterminates`_ ) and  `coefficients`_ , that involves only the operations of  `addition`_ ,  `subtraction`_ ,  `multiplication`_ , and non\-negative  `integer`_   `exponents`_ . An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x\ :sub:`In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x`\ In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x2 − 4x + 7. An example in three variables is x\ :sub:`In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x2 − 4x + 7. An example in three variables is x`\ In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x2 − 4x + 7. An example in three variables is x3 + 2xyz\ :sub:`In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x2 − 4x + 7. An example in three variables is x3 + 2xyz`\ In mathematics, a polynomial is an expression consisting of variables (or indeterminates) and coefficients, that involves only the operations of addition, subtraction, multiplication, and non\-negative integer exponents. An example of a polynomial of a single indeterminate x is x2 − 4x + 7. An example in three variables is x3 + 2xyz2 − yz + 1.


.. _`expression`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expression_(mathematics)
.. _`variables`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Variable_(mathematics)
.. _`indeterminates`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indeterminate_(variable)
.. _`coefficients`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coefficient
.. _`addition`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Addition
.. _`subtraction`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subtraction
.. _`multiplication`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multiplication
.. _`integer`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integer
.. _`exponents`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponentiation
.. _`mathematics`: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathematics
